I
-
The blood glimmered in the bleak flourescent glow that ebbed from the innermost chambers. The human crawled forward on its knuckles and dipped its pallid fingertips in to the goo. It watched the blood dripping in the pale light, detatched wonder illuminated their weak eyes. The thick dark liquid trickled across their sickly skin in a way they found pleasant. Blood was special. It was inside them. Whatever it was might hold some relation to the fractured thoughts that flickered through their mind when their shrunken stomach was full enough to focus on them. It would be their blood spattered over this chamber next that was why they were being kept here, they were next. Their flesh would be stripped from the skeleton and the marrow would be knarled and sucked from their bones. When the last morsel had been extracted from their bones would they be cast out. To be cast out is the wish and destiny of every human being that dwelt in the caven of filth. This was a people that existed among the waste of a ruined civilisation. A vast underground rubbish heap was the only world they knew. Upon their sacrifice their bones were thrown through the dark curtain of smog that stood sentinel at the mouth of the top most cavern. The topmost cavern was the portal to the other world. The grey earth where the human's godlike ancestors once commanded the elements with their titanic machines. The cruel machines with their vast power lacked wisdom and destoryed the beauty that humanity held in their divine palm. It was well known to the dwellers of the cave of filth that the power of the machines had exceeded the beauty of the Gods and thus the planet of paradise was lost. It was believed that when ones bones were cast out through the portal one would rejoin the ancestral gods, forever suspended in their moment of bliss when they held all the bauty in their palm. before they let it slip. This human licked the cold metallic blood from their fingers and felt it eek down their scabby gullet. It gave them the energy to consider what they belived. They were trapped in this guarded holding cell that all who were to be sacrificed were held. When their bones were cast out, would they truly reach the world of the gods that came before them? It was all they had longed for as a child. To glimpse beyond the veil of fog and commune with that disintergrated world of lost beauty. That longing had faded as they grew. The impulse to continue regardless, was not an impulse they had inherited from their long dead parents or imbibed from their community. They had reached a kind of automatic existence. Where their fellow humans spoke, fought and laid together they lived alone reacting only to physical impulse. Survival was a reaction rather than a motivation for them. And being held here for final sacrifice threw that condition in to such a sharp relief as to have completely drained them of the last shadow of curiosity that being cast out held for them. Beauty had been inconsequential for the inconsequential gods and so it was for their inconsequential existence. The one glimmering that held anything of worth were those fractures thoughts. The visions that sometimes emerged in their mind, not seen by eyes yet not speculated by active thought. These thoughts were not for the golden light of the other world, they were for the peaceful blackness of nothingness. An unprovoked wish to be consumed by void as if one had never even existed. This kind of longing was not desire, it was mere inevitablity. It would happen when the last human died and there we no more vessels for the memory of generations. Why could it not happen now and why could they not commune with the ultimate curiousity that was to be found staring in to the precipice of the abyss ready to discover the void. Blood was the energy that fed that curiosity. In that moment a lifetime of supressed longing boiled inside of them. Their body bent double in the sheer agony of existence, they wrenched a tourmented scream that reverberated intensely around the hollow chambers of the universe of filth out to the portal that lead to the worthless other world beyond the smog that the wrteched gods had forsaken. Hate for being consumed them so entirely that they could not go on for another fraction of a second. Like a mad dog they bounded about the little cavern, bashing their head, bruising their flesh and breaking their bones in a tortured fit of emotional abyss. When they came to their blood surrounded them. It glowed with a fresh intesity. It seemed that in their seizure they had broken loose a partition of stone that revealed a passage to the deeper chambers of the cave of filth. A passage, no other human had tread before.

II
--
!! - Unpack these sentences
The human lost consciousness and passed in to dream. Visions emerged from somewhere beneath the surface of their thinking mind.  Intuition told them this was the lost world of the gods. 